fix(CSS): add an example to `aspect-ratio` page (#27921)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/aspect-ratio/index.md

## Examples

> In this example, on `<div>` elements, width has been set to fixed `100px` and height to `auto`, so the property `aspect-ratio` will affect only the hight of the `<div>` elements.

Reviewer: - I've split the sentence and suggested some rewrite to add more clarity. Hope this helps.
- Also, sometime back, we'd decided on adding H3 subheadings in "Examples" (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Page_types/CSS_property_page_template#examples), so might be good to add one here

```suggestion
### <heading>

In this example, the width of the `<div>` elements has been set to `100px` and height to `auto`. Since the width value is fixed here, the `aspect-ratio` property affects only the height of the `<div>` elements to maintain the specified width-to-height ratio.
```

Author: ```suggestion
### Demo of aspect-ratio values

n this example, the width of the `<div>` elements has been set to `100px` and height to `auto`. Since the width value is fixed here, the `aspect-ratio` property affects only the height of the `<div>` elements to maintain the specified width-to-height ratio.
```

## Examples

> ### Demo of aspect-ratio values

Reviewer: I think 'demo' is obvious. How about making this a bit more specific to the example:

```suggestion
### Exploring aspect-ratio effects with fixed width
```

or "Exploring the effect of aspect-ratio values with fixed width"
